Dear
elders, gentlemen, ladies, and esteemed Buddhist followers, for
generations, the Vu Lan Festival
has always been highly valued and respected by every Vietnamese person.
Therefore, the Vu Lan Festival has become a
beautiful and meaningful humane
tradition in Vietnam. This morning, parents
and elderly Buddhist followers
in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club participated
in a very special program:
offering alms to the monks during the Vu
Lan filial piety season. This afternoon, August 6th,
2022 (July 9th, Year of the Tiger),
Ms. Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam Chu Hoan,
head of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
will have a sharing session
with parents and Buddhist followers in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club on the topic of "Priceless Gifts for
Parents during the Vu Lan Season." Regarding the part of the children, we respectfully
greet you, Ms. Thinh. Now it is time for
the program to begin.
We invite you to begin your sharing session.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
First of all, I would like to send my best wishes
to all the elders and esteemed gentlemen.  The elderly, parents, monks,
nuns, and Buddhist followers
are healthy,
clear-minded, and blessed by the Three Jewels.
Today, I am very happy
after seeing the elders come to the temple. When I
invited them to offer alms and lay offerings, I was
very happy.
Respectfully, I
have lost both my father and mother,
so when I see you, I
remember my parents.
My parents also took refuge in the Three Jewels. They also practiced
repentance and made offerings,
so when they passed away, they were
very clear-minded and
joyful.
They even developed Bodhicitta (the aspiration for enlightenment). After making offerings, they closed their
eyes and passed away peacefully. That is why I
earnestly
hope that the Buddhist followers in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club will bring their parents to the Buddha's teachings.
Respectfully, today I invite you to come to the temple to repay the
kindness of
our parents.
The Buddha taught us that the
highest act of filial piety is to bring our parents to
believe in the Buddha's teachings. That is the highest form of filial piety.
When I asked the elders,
I asked: "Does
anyone wonder why bringing
parents into Buddhism is the
highest form of filial piety? Is anyone else confused? Does anyone have any
questions? The elders in
yellow robes are very happy because they
have clearly understood the Buddha's teachings. Then I
would like to reiterate, sister. Sister, there are
many elders here.
Yes, if you don't know about Buddhism, well, you do
n't believe in karma. If you don't believe in karma, then you
don't fear evil deeds.
Because you believe in karma, you fear evil deeds, you
fear doing evil, and you don't do
evil. Because you believe in
karma, you always do
good, and doing
good will generate blessings. If you do
n't do evil, you won't
suffer the consequences.
That's right, if parents don't know about
Buddhism, and you don't know about Buddhism,
then you think: 'Parents do evil,' then your
parents suffer the consequences of their evil deeds. Then, for
example, they suffer..."  When parents are sick and suffering, even if they
give a little money, it can only cover the
cost of treatment, not
alleviate their pain. But I know about Buddhism and believe in karma, and my parents also know about Buddhism and believe in karma. Therefore, they don't suffer, they don't get sick, they don't experience pain, and they
don't suffer. And they even help their
parents do good deeds. So, my parents
only receive blessings. Isn't it true that
bringing parents into Buddhism is the greatest act of filial piety? Yes,
and I would like to congratulate the elderly
present here today, as well as
congratulate the parents of the monks, nuns, and
Buddhists in the National Club.
They have wonderful children who help
their parents have faith
in the Three Jewels and in karma, and
those children have offered their parents the
most precious gift of gratitude during the Vu Lan season,
right? Yes, and the elderly are happy people.
Anyone who has children who are
true Buddhist disciples is happy because a
true Buddhist disciple is truly devoted to their parents.
My mother only worries about one thing: showing filial
piety to her parents, not about accumulating
wealth or property. Is that what
my parents want?
Sister Vân, you're a master, right?
Oh, you old white... If you
see your child, a Buddhist nun, going to
Ba Vàng Temple to become a nun, and if you see your child is
unfilial, you should ask the master for help. If you
ask the
master, he will give you incense to kneel and offer prayers. You should
kneel and offer prayers. Kneel and offer prayers, one incense stick or
three incense sticks, to
repent of your sins, to remember the kindness of your parents in giving you life, to remember their efforts in raising you, to repent of your sins, and to
vow to show filial piety. So, do you see? Are you
happy?
Very happy. That's all. And the Golden Chrysanthemum
Club, our Six Harmonies group,
we are
Buddhists educated by our master, Thích
Trúc Thái Minh. Our master also taught
us to show filial piety to our parents,
and every July, the members of
our club do
acts of filial piety following the example of the
Buddha.  While Tiểu Liên is still alive, we
must show filial piety every day. But in
July, the members of
our club will all go together to show filial piety. On
other days, it's just one person
at a house. In July,
we will gather together to show
filial piety, and we treat the parents of
our fellow practitioners as our own parents.
In our club,
we have a
rule: Anyone who joins the Buddhist practice group
must assign a Buddhist follower
to care for their parents when they are ill. The elderly members will happily give
us alms. Whenever the elderly are ill and
see a Buddhist follower coming to care for them,
they must give alms to the Buddhist follower. It's
not like we don't have anyone to
rely on. Do you agree?
Because when we Buddhist followers care for them,
we carry filial piety and enlightenment in our hearts. The
children of the elderly
still show filial piety to their parents, but
here we are strengthening the bonds of brotherhood
in Buddhism, so we ask...  Please
allow us to take care of the elderly.
For example, in
our Buddhist community, there are 30 Buddhists. If
a father is sick, each of us will
take one day to
help the family take care of him. That's only
one day a month, so that's all for the elderly. Is
n't that wonderful? Please be
happy for us. Because this
is the spirit of gratitude. If we
hadn't yet learned about Buddhism, we could have spent one
day a month going on
vacation, right? We could have gone on a trip.
But once we know about Buddhism and develop
filial piety,
we will take turns caring for
the parents of the Buddhists who are sick.
With our hearts,
we also hope that the
parents in the Golden Club practicing the Six
Harmonies will accept this heartfelt gesture from us.
And we also vow that for
eternity, we
will be connected to you all.  Wherever you were
born, if we meet again, let's
all practice Buddhism to benefit the
world, okay, elders? And I
know that today you all are
very tired from your old age,
but I hope you will try your best.
Next, you will go
to the main hall where Master Thich Truc
Thai Minh will give you his blessings.
Then, Master will
transmit the Three Refuges and Five Precepts to you. Perhaps you've
already taken refuge, but can you hear it again today,
Uncle Wood?
Hehehe. Then, today you will take
refuge again, again again. And we
ask that Master reduce the
Dharma session so that you can hear it again, so that for
many lifetimes you can rely on the
Buddha's teachings and never leave the Buddha's teachings.
You see, our King Tran Nhan Tong
was a Buddhist practitioner,
so I hope you all practice
Buddhism to do the same things as
King Tran Nhan Tong, okay, elders? Yes, okay.
Once again, I wish
you all good health and participation.  During the
two Vu Lan Bao Hieu ceremonies,
I received much joy and happiness, dear friends.
And tonight, our club
has a small gift to give to the elderly. The gift
may be small, but the sentiment is great. I humbly ask that
you kindly accept it. Now, I
also respectfully offer this merit to the Buddha, and to all of you, I respectfully offer this merit. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. The
Buddhists in our Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies,
have distributed books
and
made vows to follow the example of the
Great Filial Piety of Mục Kiều Liên, following the example of all the
Buddhas, practicing filial piety until the day of perfect
enlightenment. With all
this sincere vow, we pray that our
parents be healthy,
live long, be peaceful, attain
early enlightenment, and be liberated. Namo Everlasting Family
Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva.
And now, I invite the elderly to come up
to the main hall. Respectfully, dear fellow
practitioners, at this time, I
respectfully invite you to bring your parents up.
On the main hall, the elderly
can use the restroom on the way there, and
then they can go inside to
sit and receive the
Master's guidance, receive the Master's Dharma teachings, and take refuge in the
Three Jewels. The
organizing committee should arrange
a row of chairs on the side,
but still in the middle, for
those with leg pain. Should the elderly, who are too
old, sit above, or should we
arrange all the chairs up? (
Production by Hào Má
Anh Đức, a poor doctor, can Mr. Quốc sit there?) Okay, that's
fine.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. (Regarding the headmistress, the
headmistress just
shared with the Buddhists about the
priceless gift for parents during the Vu Lan season. We
thank you for taking the
time to share with the parents of the Buddhists
in today's program. We wish the
parents of the Buddhists
much health, happiness, peace, and success
in practicing Buddhism. We hope that in the
future, you will continue to actively
support and create opportunities for the Buddhists.)  We
are practicing and performing Buddhist rituals.
Dear Buddhist followers and friends,
the ceremony of taking refuge and praying for the well-being of
parents who have not yet presented themselves will take place immediately. This will be broadcast live
on the following channels: Ba Vang Temple YouTube,
Thich Truc Thai Minh
YouTube, Ba Vang Temple Facebook, Thich
Truc Thai Minh Facebook, Pham Thi Yen Tam
Chieu Hoan Quan Facebook, and Ba Vang Temple website.com. We
invite you to join us in chanting: Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.